Add labels documentation (#6873)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/Labels.md

# MSBuild Labels

> Here's a brief explanation on the labels most often used by the MSBuild team excluding obvious ones such as `bug`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a brief explanation on the labels most often used by the MSBuild team excluding hopefully-self-evident ones such as `bug`.
```

"Obvious" is a dangerous word for public writing: if it wasn't obvious to the reader they feel bad.
